Zhangye, don't go too far
Call you big brother
It's all for the sake of Lord Tiger's face
You shouldn't take yourself too seriously.
I didn't know the identity of Miss Zhenzhen before
This is all a misunderstanding.
Why be aggressive?
presumptuous
Are you going to rebel?
I dare not, but there is a debt and a master
Hand offender Jiang Tiansheng
He has received the punishment he deserves.
And we are also willing to make compensation.
Are you still relentless?
Are you going a little too far?
Am I too much?
Isn't it too much for your son to bully my daughter?
You know your son made a mistake and still insist on protecting me
Isn't that excessive?
Your four families unite with me
To kill me
Isn't that too much?
Now it's just the other way around.
Why do you think I'm going too far?
Tiger Lord, is that what you mean too?
That's right, what my brother means is what I mean.
Somebody drag them out
Cut off hands
Introduce alumni
And
Poke the corpse
Let me go
You let me go